---
title: 'New web based OEDA for Exadata'
date: '2018-11-21T14:47:18+05:30'
status: publish
permalink: /2018/11/21/new-web-based-oeda-for-exadata
author: Sidhu
excerpt: ''
type: post
id: 609
category:
    - Exadata
tag:
    - Exadata
    - OEDA
post_format: []
wpsd_autopost:
    - '1'
---
It started with an xls sheet (that was called dbm configurator) . Then OEDA (Oracle Exadata Deployment Assistant) was introduced that was a Java based GUI tool to enter all the information needed to configure an Exadata machine. Now with the latest patch released in Oct, OEDA has changed again; to become a web based tool. It is deployed on WebLogic and comes with some new features as well. SuperCluster deployments will continue to use the Java based OEDA tool. The new interface has support for Exadata, ZDLRA and ExaCC. It is backward compatible and can import the XMLs generated by older versions of OEDA. Some of the new features include the ability to configure single instance homes, create more than 2 diskgroups, create more than 1 database homes and databases, allow ILOMs to have a different subnet etc.

To configure the OEDA application you need to unzip the contents and run the installWls script with -p switch (that mentions the port). It will deploy the application on WebLogic and give you the URL to access the OEDA. The interface is similar to the older version. Just that it runs in a browser and there are some new features added. MOS note 2460104.1 and the Exadata documentation has more details:

[Using Oracle Exadata Deployment Assistant](http://Using%20Oracle%20Exadata%20Deployment%20Assistant)